annot: Chop a cabbage
ACTID: 0
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] a cabbage (-1)
annot: remove the bottom
ACTID: 1
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the bottom (0)
annot: salty the cabbage with sea salt on each leaf
ACTID: 2
PRED: salty
[DOBJ, food] the cabbage (1)
[PP, food, with] sea salt on each leaf (-1)
annot: mix a cup of water, 3 spoon flour in a pot, cook to a boil while whisking
ACTID: 3
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] a cup of water (-1), 3 spoon flour in a pot (-1), cook to a boil (-1)
annot: Chop green onions and dagonradish
ACTID: 4
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] green onions (-1), dagonradish (-1)
annot: put to a bowl
ACTID: 5
PRED: put
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Grind 5 cloves of garlic and ginger in a food processor
ACTID: 6
PRED: grind
[DOBJ, food] 5 cloves of garlic (-1), ginger (-1)
[PP, location, in] a food processor (-1)
annot: Add some onion, fish sauce, sea salt
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some onion (-1), fish sauce (-1), sea salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: grind together
ACTID: 8
PRED: grind
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: Add the mixture to the bowl
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (8)
[PP, food, to] the bowl (5)
annot: put the mixture in it
ACTID: 10
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (3)
[PP, food, in] it (9)
annot: Add half cup Korean chilli flakes
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] half cup korean chili flakes (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: mix altogether
ACTID: 12
PRED: mix
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: Rinse the cabbage
ACTID: 13
PRED: rinse
[DOBJ, food] the cabbage (2)
annot: taste kimichi
ACTID: 14
PRED: taste
[DOBJ, food] kimichi (12)
annot: put the mixture on each leaf
ACTID: 15
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (14)
[PP, food, on] each leaf (13)